The Night Father will be here soon to tuck you in.
The flowing crystal is the rarest of visions.
A Dramrock guards an amulet & a bridge of flame.
The road to hell is paved with ###
Rings are the hardest arcane items to find.
The only way out is through.
Stay a while, and listen.
Puddings are best defeated with a spoon.
You tamper with knowledge beyond your ken.
The last blow counts the most.
You AGMI.
Every adventure begins with a single step. Ends with one too.
A secret door hides the lost treasure vault.
You are destined to be misled by the oracle.
The Giant Rat is, ironically, the smallest Dweller.
Don't shoot the food, wizard.
Minotaurs get lost outside of mazes.
GM GA GE GN.
It takes four quarterstaffs to make one staff.
You can never step in the same dungeon twice.
You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
Use keys to open doors.
Serius est quam cogitas.
Do not believe everything an Oracle tells you.
Kobolds are uncommon, but consider themselves Legendary.
Praise the sun.
Skells were once like you and me.
Today is a good day to reevaluate your alignment.
Sometimes the best way to identify a potion is simply to quaff it.
Let vibes be your familiar.
There is naught but cobwebs here.
As my mimic friend always says, you don't get a second chance to make a first impression.
A bed of coins is cold to sleep on.
What was that sound? Probably nothing.
Those who constantly stare at the floor may sometimes miss the grandeur of the view.
It's dangerous to go alone! But you're going alone.
Gem lizards carry great treasures if you can catch one.
Never interrupt a Vodyanoi ritual.
The mirthcreant is laughing at you, not with you.
Wisps are tricky to hit, but fall quickly to magic.
It should be well known that troll blood is highly flammable.
A good club serves better than a sharp sword for cracking skells.
A strong spirit is needed to wrest the true power from an arcane wand.
When fighting giants it is best to use a tall spear.
Don't forget breakfast! Hunger makes adventurers weak.
Collectors will gather treasures right out of your pack.
Let sleeping dwellers lie.
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
Canny adventurers always carry a scroll of magic mapping.
Leather is waterproof.  Ever see a cow with an umbrella?
Despite what you may have heard, never attempt to ride a manticore.
Reading scrolls when confused can have unexpected effects.
Wand wielders take note: dungeon walls are surprisingly reflective.
Jel Cubes are just there to clean the dungeon, digesting you is not personal.
Dungeon keys are surprisingly delicate, but are said to work on any lock.
Using a morning star in the evening has no effect.
The map provides clues to the boss dweller in the dungeon.
The undead never get cold.
If you're invisible you can still be heard.
Hungry all the time? Take off some jewelry.
A skilled hand can recover useful items when disarming a trap.
Many dwellers are hard to kill, but only shopkeepers are immortal.
Always follow the light, except when wisps are about.
You will forget this prophecy. 
Don't forget to check for secret doors.
The path less traveled is paved in gold.
Underground lakes hide dangerous unknown dwellers.